Business Associate Agreement

This Business Associate Agreement ("BAA") is entered into pursuant to the requirements of 45 CFR § 164.504(e) between Client, Acme Health LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Client"), and Service Provider, Globex Services Inc., a New York corporation ("Service Provider"). The Parties acknowledge that Service Provider creates or receives Protected Health Information ("PHI") on behalf of Client in performing the Services. The parties have elected to use the commercial labels "Client" and "Service Provider" in place of the 45 CFR § 160.103 controlled-vocabulary role designations used elsewhere in the HIPAA Rules, without incorporation by reference of those controlled-vocabulary designations.

Permitted Uses and Disclosures. Service Provider may use and disclose PHI only to perform the Services described in the Master Services Agreement between the parties, and as otherwise permitted or required under this BAA, the HIPAA Rules, and applicable law. Service Provider shall not use or disclose PHI other than as permitted or required by this BAA or as required by law.

Safeguards. Service Provider shall implement administrative, physical, and technical safeguards that reasonably and appropriately protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of Electronic Protected Health Information ("ePHI") that Service Provider creates, receives, maintains, or transmits on behalf of Client, as required by the Security Rule at 45 CFR §§ 164.308, 164.310, and 164.312. Service Provider shall comply with the Security Rule administrative, physical, and technical safeguards as required by 45 CFR § 164.314(a)(2)(i).

Reporting. Service Provider shall report to Client any Security Incident of which it becomes aware. Service Provider shall report Breaches of Unsecured PHI to Client without unreasonable delay and in no case later than sixty (60) days following discovery of the Breach, as required by 45 CFR § 164.410.

Subcontractor Flow-Down. Service Provider shall ensure that any subcontractor that creates, receives, maintains, or transmits PHI on behalf of Service Provider agrees in writing to the same restrictions, conditions, and requirements that apply to Service Provider under this BAA.

Access, Amendment, Accounting. Service Provider shall make PHI available to Client as necessary to satisfy Client's obligations under 45 CFR § 164.524 (access), 45 CFR § 164.526 (amendment), and 45 CFR § 164.528 (accounting of disclosures).

Books, Records. Service Provider shall make its internal practices, books, and records relating to its use and disclosure of PHI available to the Secretary of Health and Human Services for purposes of determining Client's compliance with the HIPAA Rules.

Return or Destruction. Upon termination of this BAA for any reason, Service Provider shall return to Client or destroy all PHI received from or created or received by Service Provider on behalf of Client. If return or destruction is infeasible, Service Provider shall extend the protections of this BAA to such PHI and limit further uses and disclosures to those purposes that make return or destruction infeasible.

Minimum Necessary. Service Provider shall, when using or disclosing PHI or requesting PHI from Client, make reasonable efforts to limit such use or disclosure to the minimum necessary to accomplish the intended purpose.

Mitigation. Service Provider shall mitigate, to the extent practicable, any harmful effect that is known to Service Provider of a use or disclosure of PHI by Service Provider in violation of this BAA.

Workforce Training. Service Provider shall train members of its workforce on PHI handling and the requirements of this BAA.

Encryption. Service Provider shall encrypt PHI in transit and at rest using industry-standard methods consistent with NIST SP 800-66 and FIPS 140-3.

Risk Assessment. Service Provider shall conduct a HIPAA Security Risk Assessment at least annually.

Sanctions. Service Provider shall apply appropriate sanctions against workforce members who fail to comply with this BAA.

Subcontractor List. Service Provider maintains a list of subcontractors that create, receive, maintain, or transmit PHI on behalf of Service Provider.

Governing Law. This BAA shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.

Notice. Any notice required under this BAA shall be in writing and sent to the Privacy Officer at the address set forth in the Master Services Agreement.

Term. This BAA shall be co-terminous with the Master Services Agreement, except that the obligations to return or destroy PHI shall survive.

Effective Date: January 1, 2026.

Signed by: ____________________________________
Title: Authorized Representative
Date: January 1, 2026
