HALLORAN & REYES LLP
1400 Market Street, Suite 2200
Wilmington, Delaware 19801

March 14, 2026

VIA CERTIFIED MAIL AND EMAIL

Meridian Optics Corp.
Attn: Legal Department
88 Foundry Road
Waltham, Massachusetts 02451

Re: Unauthorized Use of the LUMAREAD Mark — Demand to Cease and Desist

Dear Sir or Madam:

We represent Vanterra Diagnostics, Inc. ("Vanterra"), the owner of United States Trademark Registration No. 6,412,908 for the mark LUMAREAD in International Class 9 for benchtop immunoassay readers. The registration issued on August 3, 2021 and is valid, subsisting, and incontestable under 15 U.S.C. § 1065.

It has come to our client's attention that Meridian Optics Corp. is marketing a benchtop reader under the designation "LumaReed" on its website and at trade shows, including the February 2026 Clinical Lab Expo. The designation is confusingly similar to the LUMAREAD mark in sight, sound, and commercial impression, and is used on directly competing goods sold through the same channels to the same purchasers. This conduct constitutes trademark infringement under 15 U.S.C. § 1114 and unfair competition under 15 U.S.C. § 1125(a).

Accordingly, on behalf of Vanterra, we demand that you immediately:

1. Cease and desist all use of the designation "LumaReed" and any other designation confusingly similar to the LUMAREAD mark, in any medium;

2. Recall and destroy all marketing materials, packaging, signage, and product literature bearing the infringing designation;

3. Remove all references to the infringing designation from your website, social media accounts, and third-party listings, including any pending applications before the United States Patent and Trademark Office;

4. Provide a written accounting of all units sold under the infringing designation and all revenue derived therefrom; and

5. Confirm in writing, within ten (10) days of the date of this letter, that you have complied with each of the foregoing demands.

Should you fail to comply by that date, our client is prepared to pursue all available remedies, including injunctive relief, an accounting of profits, treble damages, and attorneys' fees under 15 U.S.C. § 1117, without further notice to you.

This letter is not intended to be, and shall not be construed as, a complete statement of the facts or of our client's rights. Vanterra expressly reserves all rights and remedies available to it at law and in equity, none of which is waived by this letter or by any delay in enforcement.

We would prefer to resolve this matter without litigation and are willing to discuss an orderly transition away from the infringing designation. Please have your counsel contact the undersigned.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Priya Raghunathan
Priya Raghunathan
HALLORAN & REYES LLP
Counsel for Vanterra Diagnostics, Inc.
