CONFLICT OF INTEREST POLICY

Pemberton Ridge Land Conservancy
A Colorado nonprofit corporation
Adopted by the Board of Directors on February 5, 2026
Supersedes the policy adopted March 14, 2019

ARTICLE I — PURPOSE

The purpose of this policy is to protect the interest of Pemberton Ridge Land Conservancy when it contemplates entering into a transaction or arrangement that might benefit the private interest of an officer or director, or might result in a possible excess benefit transaction. This policy is intended to supplement, and not to replace, any applicable state and federal law governing conflicts of interest applicable to nonprofit and charitable organizations, including section 4958 of the Internal Revenue Code and the Colorado Revised Nonprofit Corporation Act.

ARTICLE II — DEFINITIONS

2.1 Interested Person. Any director, principal officer, or member of a committee with governing board delegated powers who has a direct or indirect financial interest, as defined below, is an interested person.

2.2 Financial Interest. A person has a financial interest if the person has, directly or indirectly, through business, investment, or family: an ownership or investment interest in any entity with which the Conservancy has a transaction or arrangement; a compensation arrangement with the Conservancy or with any entity or individual with which the Conservancy has a transaction or arrangement; or a potential ownership or investment interest in, or compensation arrangement with, any entity or individual with which the Conservancy is negotiating a transaction or arrangement. Compensation includes direct and indirect remuneration as well as gifts or favors that are not insubstantial. A financial interest is not necessarily a conflict of interest; a person with a financial interest has a conflict of interest only if the governing board or the Audit Committee decides that a conflict of interest exists under Article III.

2.3 Family. Family includes a spouse, domestic partner, parent, child, sibling, grandparent, grandchild, and the spouse or domestic partner of any of them.

ARTICLE III — PROCEDURES

3.1 Duty to Disclose. In connection with any actual or possible conflict of interest, an interested person shall disclose the existence of the financial interest and all material facts to the directors and members of committees with governing board delegated powers considering the proposed transaction or arrangement.

3.2 Determining Whether a Conflict Exists. After disclosure of the financial interest and all material facts, and after any discussion with the interested person, the interested person shall leave the meeting while the determination of a conflict of interest is discussed and voted upon. The remaining board or committee members shall decide whether a conflict of interest exists.

3.3 Procedures for Addressing the Conflict.

(a) An interested person may make a presentation at the meeting, but after that presentation the interested person shall leave the meeting during the discussion of, and the vote on, the transaction or arrangement that results in the conflict of interest.

(b) The chair of the board or committee shall, if appropriate, appoint a disinterested person or committee to investigate alternatives to the proposed transaction or arrangement.

(c) After exercising due diligence, the board or committee shall determine whether the Conservancy can obtain a more advantageous transaction or arrangement with reasonable efforts from a person or entity that would not give rise to a conflict of interest.

(d) If a more advantageous transaction or arrangement is not reasonably attainable under circumstances that would not give rise to a conflict of interest, the board or committee shall determine by a majority vote of the disinterested directors whether the transaction or arrangement is in the Conservancy's best interest, for its own benefit, and whether it is fair and reasonable. In conformity with that determination it shall make its decision as to whether to enter into the transaction or arrangement.

3.4 Violations. If the board or committee has reasonable cause to believe that a member has failed to disclose an actual or possible conflict of interest, it shall inform the member of the basis for that belief and afford the member an opportunity to explain the alleged failure to disclose. If, after hearing the member's response and making such further investigation as the circumstances warrant, the board or committee determines that the member has in fact failed to disclose an actual or possible conflict of interest, it shall take appropriate disciplinary and corrective action.

ARTICLE IV — RECORDS OF PROCEEDINGS

The minutes of the board and of each committee with governing board delegated powers shall contain the names of the persons who disclosed or otherwise were found to have a financial interest, the nature of the financial interest, any action taken to determine whether a conflict of interest was present, and the board's or committee's decision as to whether a conflict of interest in fact existed; and the names of the persons who were present for discussions and votes relating to the transaction or arrangement, the content of the discussion including any alternatives to the proposed transaction, and a record of any votes taken.

ARTICLE V — COMPENSATION

A voting member of the board who receives compensation, directly or indirectly, from the Conservancy for services is precluded from voting on matters pertaining to that member's compensation. A voting member of any committee whose jurisdiction includes compensation matters and who receives compensation, directly or indirectly, from the Conservancy for services is precluded from voting on matters pertaining to that member's compensation. No person who receives compensation, directly or indirectly, from the Conservancy, whether as an employee or independent contractor, is prohibited from providing information to any committee regarding compensation.

ARTICLE VI — ANNUAL STATEMENTS

Each director, principal officer, and member of a committee with governing board delegated powers shall annually sign a statement affirming that the person has received a copy of this policy, has read and understands it, has agreed to comply with it, and understands that the Conservancy is a charitable organization and that in order to maintain its federal tax exemption it must engage primarily in activities that accomplish one or more of its tax-exempt purposes. The Secretary shall retain the signed statements for seven years.

ARTICLE VII — PERIODIC REVIEWS

To ensure that the Conservancy operates in a manner consistent with its charitable purposes and does not engage in activities that could jeopardize its tax-exempt status, the board shall conduct periodic reviews, at least annually, addressing whether compensation arrangements and benefits are reasonable, based on competent survey information and the result of arm's length bargaining; and whether partnerships, joint ventures, and arrangements with management organizations conform to the Conservancy's written policies, are properly recorded, reflect reasonable investment or payments for goods and services, further charitable purposes, and do not result in inurement, impermissible private benefit, or an excess benefit transaction.

ARTICLE VIII — USE OF OUTSIDE EXPERTS

When conducting the periodic reviews, the Conservancy may, but need not, use outside advisors. If outside experts are used, their use shall not relieve the board of its responsibility for ensuring that periodic reviews are conducted.

ARTICLE IX — REPORTING

The Conservancy reports its conflict of interest policy and its practices on Part VI, line 12 of Form 990 each year, and the responses are consistent with this policy as administered.
