CARDHOLDER AGREEMENT

Northaven Bank Visa Signature Credit Card

Effective for accounts opened on or after May 1, 2026

This Cardholder Agreement (this "Agreement") governs your Northaven Bank credit card account (the "Account"). "You" and "your" mean each person who applied for the Account and each authorized user. "We", "us", and "our" mean Northaven Bank, N.A., 200 South Sixth Street, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402. By using the Account, or by keeping or using a card issued on the Account, you agree to this Agreement.

INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES

Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases: 19.24% to 27.24%, based on your creditworthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers: 19.24% to 27.24%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances: 29.99%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

Penalty APR: None.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases: Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge: If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50.

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau: To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

FEES

Annual Fee: $95.
Balance Transfer Fee: Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
Cash Advance Fee: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Transaction Fee: None.
Late Payment Fee: Up to $30 the first time, $41 thereafter.
Returned Payment Fee: Up to $41.

1. Using the Account.

You may use the Account to make purchases, balance transfers, and cash advances up to your credit limit, which we disclose on your monthly statement. We may decline any transaction for any reason, including suspected fraud. You are responsible for all charges made by you and by anyone you allow to use the Account.

2. Promise to Pay.

You promise to pay us all amounts you owe on the Account, including purchases, balance transfers, cash advances, interest, and fees. Your payment must reach us by the due date shown on your statement. We credit payments received by 5:00 p.m. Central Time on a business day as of that day.

3. Minimum Payment.

Each month you must pay at least the minimum payment shown on your statement, which is the greater of $40 or 1% of your new balance plus interest and fees billed during the cycle. Making only the minimum payment will increase the interest you pay and the time it takes to repay your balance.

4. How We Calculate Interest.

We calculate interest using the daily balance method (including new transactions). We apply the daily periodic rate to the daily balance for each day in the billing cycle and add the results. Interest begins to accrue on a cash advance on the day it is made, and on a purchase at the close of the billing cycle in which it is made unless you paid your previous balance in full by the due date.

5. Variable Rates.

Each variable APR equals the Prime Rate published in the Money Rates table of The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of the month plus a margin between 11.99% and 19.99%. A change in the Prime Rate takes effect on the first day of the billing cycle that begins after the change.

6. How We Apply Your Payments.

We apply the minimum payment to balances at the lowest APR first. We apply any amount you pay above the minimum payment to the balance with the highest APR first, and then to balances in descending order of APR, as required by 15 U.S.C. 1666c.

7. Changes to This Agreement.

We may change the terms of this Agreement, including the APRs and fees. We will give you at least 45 days' advance written notice of a significant change, and the notice will tell you how to reject the change and what happens if you do. A rate increase will not apply to balances you incurred before the effective date of the change, except as permitted by 12 C.F.R. 1026.55.

8. Default.

You are in default if you fail to make a required payment when due, exceed your credit limit, give us false information, or become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding. If you are in default, we may close the Account and require you to pay the full balance immediately, to the extent permitted by applicable law.

9. Closing the Account.

You may close the Account at any time by calling us or writing to us. We may close or suspend the Account at any time and for any reason, with or without notice, to the extent permitted by law. Closing the Account does not affect your obligation to pay what you owe.

10. Your Billing Rights.

Your rights and our responsibilities if you believe there is an error on your statement are described in the Billing Rights Summary that accompanies this Agreement and is provided with each periodic statement, as required by the Fair Credit Billing Act and Regulation Z. If you think there is an error, write to us at Northaven Bank, Billing Inquiries, P.O. Box 4410, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402 within 60 days after the error appeared on your statement.

11. Credit Reporting.

We may report information about your Account to credit bureaus. Late payments, missed payments, and other defaults may be reflected in your credit report. If you believe we have reported inaccurate information, write to us at the address in Section 10.

12. Arbitration.

Either you or we may elect to resolve any claim arising out of the Account by binding individual arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Consumer Arbitration Rules. If arbitration is elected, you waive the right to a jury trial and the right to participate in a class action. We will pay the filing, administration, and arbitrator fees for any claim of $75,000 or less that you bring. You may reject this arbitration provision by writing to us at Northaven Bank, Arbitration Opt-Out, P.O. Box 4410, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402 within 45 days after you open the Account, and rejecting it will not affect any other term of this Agreement or your Account.

13. Military Lending Act.

Federal law provides important protections to members of the Armed Forces and their dependents relating to extensions of consumer credit. In general, the cost of consumer credit to a member of the Armed Forces and his or her dependent may not exceed an annual percentage rate of 36 percent. To receive this notice orally, call 1-800-555-0170.

14. Governing Law.

This Agreement is governed by federal law and, to the extent state law applies, by the laws of the State of Minnesota, without regard to its conflict of laws rules.
