NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES

Ridgeway Valley Pediatric Associates, PC
1820 Sycamore Lane, Asheville, North Carolina 28801

Effective date: April 1, 2026

THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.

OUR DUTIES

We are required by law to maintain the privacy of your protected health information, to give you this notice of our legal duties and privacy practices, to follow the terms of the notice currently in effect, and to notify you following a breach of unsecured protected health information.

HOW WE MAY USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION WITHOUT YOUR AUTHORIZATION

Treatment. We may use and disclose your health information to provide, coordinate, or manage your care, including disclosures to other providers involved in your treatment.

Payment. We may use and disclose your health information to bill and collect payment for services, to determine eligibility, and to obtain prior authorization.

Health care operations. We may use and disclose your health information for quality assessment, provider review, training of students and residents, accreditation, business planning, and general administration.

Required by law. We may disclose your health information when required by federal, state, or local law.

Public health and safety. We may disclose your health information to public health authorities, to report child abuse or neglect, to the Food and Drug Administration regarding product safety, and to prevent a serious and imminent threat to health or safety.

Health oversight, judicial proceedings, and law enforcement. We may disclose your health information to a health oversight agency, in response to a court order or subpoena as permitted by law, and to law enforcement in the limited circumstances the regulations allow.

Workers' compensation, coroners, and research. We may disclose your health information as authorized by workers' compensation laws, to coroners and funeral directors, and for research approved by an institutional review board.

USES AND DISCLOSURES THAT REQUIRE YOUR WRITTEN AUTHORIZATION

Most uses and disclosures of psychotherapy notes, uses and disclosures for marketing, and any sale of your health information require your written authorization. Other uses and disclosures not described in this notice will be made only with your written authorization. You may revoke an authorization in writing at any time, except to the extent we have already acted in reliance on it.

YOUR RIGHTS

Right to inspect and copy. You have the right to inspect and obtain a copy of your health information in the designated record set, including an electronic copy if we maintain it electronically. We will act on your request within thirty (30) days and may charge a reasonable, cost-based fee.

Right to amend. You have the right to request an amendment of your health information. We may deny the request in limited circumstances, and if we do we will tell you why in writing and explain how to submit a statement of disagreement.

Right to an accounting of disclosures. You have the right to request a list of certain disclosures we made in the six years before the date of your request.

Right to request restrictions. You have the right to request a restriction on our use or disclosure of your health information. We are not required to agree, except that we must agree to a request to restrict disclosure to a health plan for a service you paid for in full out of pocket.

Right to confidential communications. You have the right to ask that we communicate with you by a particular means or at a particular location.

Right to a paper copy. You have the right to a paper copy of this notice at any time, even if you agreed to receive it electronically.

Right to be notified of a breach. You have the right to be notified if we discover a breach of your unsecured health information.

CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE

We reserve the right to change this notice and to make the new notice effective for all health information we maintain. If we make a material change, we will post the revised notice in our office and on our website and make paper copies available on request.

COMPLAINTS

If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with us or with the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. To file with us, contact the Privacy Officer at the address above, by telephone at (828) 555-0173, or by email at privacy@ridgewayvalleypeds.com. We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint.

CONTACT

Privacy Officer: Ingrid Vasconcelos-Amaru
Telephone: (828) 555-0173
Email: privacy@ridgewayvalleypeds.com
