THIS ENDORSEMENT CHANGES THE POLICY. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY.

ADDITIONAL INSURED — OWNERS, LESSEES OR CONTRACTORS — SCHEDULED PERSON OR ORGANIZATION

Endorsement No. 7    Form CG 20 10 04 13
Policy No. CGL-4471-2026
Effective Date of Endorsement: March 1, 2026, 12:01 a.m. standard time at the address of the Named Insured
Named Insured: Ridgeline Constructors LLC
Issued by: Cascadia Surety and Casualty Company

This endorsement modifies insurance provided under the following:

COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY COVERAGE PART

SCHEDULE

Name of Additional Insured Person(s) or Organization(s): Jefferson County School District R-1
Location(s) of Covered Operations: Meadowbrook Elementary School, 8801 Ridgeway Avenue, Lakewood, Colorado

A. Section II — Who Is An Insured is amended to include as an additional insured the person(s) or organization(s) shown in the Schedule, but only with respect to liability for "bodily injury", "property damage" or "personal and advertising injury" caused, in whole or in part, by:

   1. Your acts or omissions; or
   2. The acts or omissions of those acting on your behalf;

in the performance of your ongoing operations for the additional insured at the location(s) shown in the Schedule.

B. With respect to the insurance afforded to these additional insureds, the following additional exclusions apply. This insurance does not apply to "bodily injury" or "property damage" occurring after:

   1. All work, including materials, parts or equipment furnished in connection with such work, on the project has been completed; or
   2. That portion of "your work" out of which the injury or damage arises has been put to its intended use by any person or organization other than another contractor or subcontractor engaged in performing operations for a principal as a part of the same project.

C. The insurance afforded to the additional insured is primary and non-contributory, but only to the extent required by a written contract executed before the loss.

D. The limits of insurance applicable to the additional insured are the lesser of the limits required by the written contract and the limits shown in the Declarations. This endorsement does not increase the limits of insurance.

E. This insurance is excess over any other insurance available to the additional insured, whether primary, excess, contingent or on any other basis, except insurance purchased specifically to apply in excess of this policy.

All other terms and conditions of the policy remain unchanged.

Authorized Representative: /s/ Bernard Achike-Ozoemena
