IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF COOK COUNTY, ILLINOIS
COUNTY DEPARTMENT, DOMESTIC RELATIONS DIVISION

IN RE THE MARRIAGE OF:                    )
                                          )
MARGARET A. ELLSWORTH,                    )
                    Petitioner,           )   No. 2024 D 004417
                                          )
        and                               )
                                          )
DAVID R. ELLSWORTH,                       )
                    Respondent.           )

QUALIFIED DOMESTIC RELATIONS ORDER

This Order is entered pursuant to Section 206(d)(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (29 U.S.C. Section 1056(d)(3)), and Section 414(p) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (26 U.S.C. Section 414(p)), and is intended to constitute a qualified domestic relations order.

1. Name and Last Known Mailing Address of the Participant.

The Participant is David R. Ellsworth, whose last known mailing address is 1418 West Grace Street, Apartment 3, Chicago, Illinois 60613. The Participant's date of birth is March 14, 1979.

2. Name and Last Known Mailing Address of the Alternate Payee.

The Alternate Payee is Margaret A. Ellsworth, whose last known mailing address is 722 Forest Avenue, Oak Park, Illinois 60302. The Alternate Payee's date of birth is August 2, 1981. The Alternate Payee is the former spouse of the Participant, and this Order relates to the provision of marital property rights to the Alternate Payee.

3. Name of the Plan.

The plan to which this Order applies is the Ridgeline Manufacturing Company Salaried Employees' Pension Plan (the "Plan"). The Plan Administrator is Ridgeline Manufacturing Company, 400 North LaSalle Street, Suite 1200, Chicago, Illinois 60654.

4. Amount or Percentage to Be Paid to the Alternate Payee.

The Alternate Payee is assigned an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of the Participant's Accrued Benefit under the Plan determined as of March 31, 2025 (the "Assignment Date"), calculated using the shared payment approach and expressed as a monthly benefit payable in the form of a single life annuity for the lifetime of the Alternate Payee. The Alternate Payee's share shall be increased by any cost-of-living adjustments granted under the Plan after the Assignment Date, in the same proportion as the Participant's benefit is increased.

5. Number of Payments or Period to Which This Order Applies.

Payments to the Alternate Payee shall commence on the later of (a) the first day of the month following the date on which the Plan Administrator determines this Order to be a qualified domestic relations order, or (b) the earliest retirement age as defined in Section 414(p)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code. Payments shall continue for the lifetime of the Alternate Payee and shall terminate upon the death of the Alternate Payee.

6. Limitations Required by Statute.

This Order does not require the Plan to provide any type or form of benefit, or any option, not otherwise provided under the Plan. This Order does not require the Plan to provide increased benefits determined on the basis of actuarial value. This Order does not require the payment of benefits to the Alternate Payee that are required to be paid to another alternate payee under another order previously determined to be a qualified domestic relations order.

7. Death of the Alternate Payee Before Commencement.

If the Alternate Payee dies before payments to the Alternate Payee commence, the Alternate Payee's interest under this Order shall revert to the Participant, and the Plan shall have no further obligation to the Alternate Payee or to the estate of the Alternate Payee.

8. Death of the Participant.

The Alternate Payee shall be treated as the surviving spouse of the Participant for purposes of the qualified pre-retirement survivor annuity under Section 205 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, to the extent of the Alternate Payee's assigned share, and the Participant may not elect a form of benefit that defeats the Alternate Payee's assigned share.

9. Tax Treatment.

The Alternate Payee shall be treated as the distributee of any distribution made to the Alternate Payee under this Order and shall be responsible for all federal, state, and local income taxes attributable to such distribution.

10. Continued Jurisdiction.

The Court retains jurisdiction over the parties and the subject matter of this Order for the purpose of entering such further orders as may be necessary to establish or maintain the qualified status of this Order under Section 414(p) of the Internal Revenue Code, including the entry of an amended order.

11. Governing Law.

This Order shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, except to the extent preempted by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

12. Notice to the Plan Administrator.

The Participant and the Alternate Payee shall each notify the Plan Administrator in writing of any change in mailing address within thirty (30) days after such change.

ENTERED:

_______________________________
Judge                                    Date

Prepared by:
Hollis & Vance LLC
Attorneys for the Petitioner
33 North Dearborn Street, Suite 900
Chicago, Illinois 60602
